= ruby-debug-wrapper

When you debuging Rails 3 application (which uses Bundler) and trying different ruby versions with RVM you have following problem: you should switch your Gemfile between ruby-debug and ruby-debug19 gems to work with 1.8 and 1.9 Rubies. This gem solves the problem.

Follow this steps:

1. Install ruby-debug gem for each ruby version you will use. For example:
    # rvm use system
    # gem install ruby-debug
    # rvm use ree@rails3
    # gem install ruby-debug -- --with-ruby-include=$rvm_path/src/ree-1.8.7-2010.02/
    # rvm use ruby-1.9.2-head@rails3
    # gem install ruby-debug19 -- --with-ruby-include=$rvm_path/src/ruby-1.9.2-head/

2. Add to Gemfile this line
    # gem 'ruby-debug-wrapper', :group => :development

3. Run bundler
    # bundle install

4. Now you can run server with debugger and switch ruby version without changing Gemfile each time:
    # rvm use system
    # script/rails s -u
    # rvm use ree@rails3
    # script/rails s -u
    # rvm use ruby-1.9.2-head@rails3
    # script/rails s -u

Tested with Rails 3.0.0.beta4 and MacOSX 10.6.4 only.

== TODO

* Tests.
* Improve Bundler/RVM detection.
* Automatically install ruby-debug or ruby-debug19 gem if missing.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Pavel Chipiga. See LICENSE for details.
